so
uh real quick my name is jessica
schilling i am your host for
this special fall slash autumn edition
of the ipfs meetup i do ux and other
front-end stuff on the ipfs project
every single day i am happy to be here
and represent
one of the most fabulous teams in all of
the history of the internet ever
and an amazing community to back up all
of this
great work and um wanted to give you
just a few reminders about
today's presentation uh
next slide if you don't mind
so we are like it says on the slides
thrilled you are here there's a couple
of things we want to remember
we do very very strongly meaning when we
say that this event abides by the ipfs
community code of contact
conduct your goodwill and your kindness
to others is what makes this
such a wonderful community to be a part
of there's a link to this kind of
content
that we dropped in the chat if you want
to take a look at that quick review
basically be a good human being we trust
you we love you we know we love each
other
uh there's a q a box at the bottom of
the screen for those of you who are
in this meeting live please ask all your
questions in that q a box
and we will forward them to the right
folks or answer them or do whatever we
need to do
also we are on youtube so like i said
earlier you can
relive this event or you can check out
past events on our ipfs
youtube page we will drop a link in the
chat
for you to click on that bookmark it
follow us do whatever it is that you
want to do
and then this is the super fun part we
do one of these every month and um
we are trying to stay on the ball so if
you are here and you like what you've
seen you think i could do this
then you should do this so if you're
interested in talking about
anything you're working on and if you
try ipfs meetup it could be a long-form
kind of 15-minute talk like we're gonna
see today we also do lightning talks
super easy super fun we'd love to work
with you we'd love to kill you with you
in a future meetup
just shoot leela our organizer an email
that's leela l-e-e-l-a
protocol dot a-i
moving on to today's agenda it is
jam-packed
so without any further ado we have four
fantastic speakers
today we're going to start off with
alfonso de la rocha from resnet lab
he is talking about driving speedups to
file sharing in p2p networks
we've also got following up on
alfonso ben andre from ourball
this is really fantastic we actually
just published a case study on
arbel's work he's talking about
d-weather which is weather data sets on
ipfs
super interesting at half past the hour
we have alex good here to talk to us
about the dag jose
project and at 10 45 these
these are all pacific times so whatever
where you are chung wu is coming at us
from the litecoin foundation again
litecoin was one of our most
recent case studies and he's gonna be
talking about connecting
a blockchain based on cosmos sdk to ipfs
y'all don't need to hear my voice
anymore so i'm going to hand this
over to alfonso